razor sabertooth controller works on
Xbox 360 and PC oled screen 10-foot
detachable cable for hyper responsive
buttons and six additional multifunction
buttons the jazz mini phone and tablet
stand from Coolermaster is now available
in a variety of cool colors from these
great retailers click now to learn more
all right you guys know me I didn't
really bother to try this out on an Xbox
360 but I'm sure it works just fine I
did try it on a PC however and all it
really needed once I plugged it in was
for Windows to auto detect a driver
install and it was ready to go yes that
does mean that this controller doesn't
use Razer synapse 2.0 software
personally I like that because I'm not a
huge fan of background processes of
pretty much any sort and keeping my
processes down is a constant battle for
me but this does mean that you're maxed
out to the two profiles that fit on the
controller that being said personally I
don't see myself using more than those
two profiles so it's probably fine
speaking of profiles the OLED screen is
responsive and easy to use especially if
you're just trying to change something
simple like a profile which can be done
with the button on the left of the
little screen changing anything from
either profile is handled by the button
on the right with some help from the
d-pads up and down buttons for changing
menu rotation and a and B for different
selections in the customization menu you
can do anything from turning rumble
and/or the backlight on or off to
advance things like testing mode which
can be used to test the precision of
your analog sticks and prove to your
friends that it isn't actually the
controllers fault and they just need to
get on your level and last but not least
is program mode in program mode all you
need to do is hold down the
multifunction button that you want to
bind and tap the button you want to bind
it to for instance if you wanted to bind
multi-function button 6 to a key I would
hold that button down and then press the
button you want to bind it to once
you've done that exit the little menu on
the OLED screen to get back to the razor
screen and you're good to go
next up is the detachable cable which is
nicely braided and comes with a screw-on
connector which as long as you remember
to line it up properly is quite easy to
plug in correctly this is really nice to
see on a premium level controller some
people may not care about the detachable
Kable if they don't plan to travel with
their controller but I travel with my
xbox360 controller is quite a bit
because they make playing games in
cramped and awkward spaces like say an
airplane seat a lot easier I'll
definitely appreciate the detachable
cable as I believe one of my controllers
has likely died from cable torquing in
my bag this one time when I was going
over to ferry to the island didn't work
on the other end so yeah that sucked
next up we have all the input buttons
the thumbsticks seem fairly standard and
they're finished quite nicely and in the
packaging they have some Razer green
colored tops for the thumb sticks which
can change the feel and protect your
thumb sticks from where person I'll be
leaving them off of mine because I feel
like my thumbs kind of slip off of them
while they're on and I'm not too worried
about the durability as they're actually
quite nice Lim sticks the d-pad is
pretty nice and an improvement over the
Anza in my opinion but I wouldn't really
want to play a platformer on it
personally that being said the separated
buttons would be really nice for
QuickTime events as I doubt there would
be as many wrong inputs which can be
very frustrating most games that I play
on this controller wouldn't be
platformers anyways or I could just use
the analog stick in that platformer like
I did in shovelknight fantastic game by
the way the hyper responsive buttons are
actually hyper responsive the audio and
tactile feedback is fantastic when and
when paired up with a short travel
length it feels great when spamming
kinda reminds me of typing on a cherry
blue switch keyboard - the obvious
travel length differences and then we
come to the multifunction buttons the
em1 and em2 shoulder buttons are just
enough out of the way that they don't
feel like I would accidentally press
them and just enough in the way that I
could press them easily if I actually
needed to and the story doesn't differ
much for the M 3 through 6 buttons on
the back these I'll admit I was pretty
worried about with my fairly large hands
I expected them to be crazy annoying but
they happen to sit in just the right
position that they don't really bother
me and if I did Razer includes a
screwdriver to remove them and rubber
plugs to fill the holes once you do nice
just three more things guys one it's not
Wireless 2 it has a 2.5 billion metre
microphone jack on the bottom if you're
into that sort of thing and last but not
least 3 if you're running xpadder and
you're kind of a guru and you plan on
running custom controls on every button
you're slightly out of luck
due to
controller handling the rebinding of the
multifunction keys you can only bind
said keys to other keys on the
controller so say if you bind a two
space bar you could bind m4 to a which
would then be spacebar but you couldn't
find m4 to spacebar directly it has to
go through the bind of another button on
the controller it can't be independent
all right guys I'm still not necessarily
done my search because it's a pretty big
decision for me if this lasts as long as
my xbox360 controller did I'll be using
this for a long time I got my xbox 360
controller on launch what like eight or
nine years ago what do you guys think
I'd love to get your input down below or
on the forum and while you're down there
don't forget to like or dislike the
video favorite the video share the video
subscribe to the channel and donate up
for on the forum because that gets rid
of all the ads and I know you're not
running ad blocker right so yeah don't
even worry about at all if you want a
shirt that's again not this shirt be
sure to check out the link in the
description down below I know we should
have the link down there for our
Mountain Land shirts which are up for a
while and have been selling quite well
they're pretty cool so I'll be sure to
check that out thank you guys for
watching I'll see you guys next time